At least two persons must be on site during all crew operations, one of who must be an approved supervisor. For the purposes of definition, crew activities shall include any work that involves any activity on the cove and box ladders or the catwalks, any activity on the redwood deck, any use of the Genie or ladders, any work that involves the use and handling of electrical wiring or equipment, and any use of the counterweight system and spot lines.


 Designers may be permitted to work alone provided that such work does not involve any activity other than building cues and setting levels. Any other activity shall be considered as crew operation and shall be subject to the appropriate regulations.



 1. At least twenty minutes cleanup time must be planned into each crew call. The stage must be cleared and cleaned, and all tools and equipment safely stowed in an appropriate location before leaving the area. Floors must be swept and all debris placed in trash receptacles. The student supervisor is responsible for making sure that the area is cleaned.



 C. Emergency Procedure

The theatre arts department will hold informational meetings for all student supervisors at the beginning of each semester to review procedures to be followed in the event of fire and/or personal injury. For obvious reasons, these meetings will be mandatory.


B. Basic Safety and Operational Guidelines

1. Student supervisors are presumed to understand the equipment involved in their area of activity. They are expected to see that equipment is used properly and that safe working procedures are used at all times. If a student supervisor is unsure of proper use or correct safety procedures, s/he must contact a member of the faculty or staff to receive proper training. Supervisors must never use or ask crew members to use equipment with which they are unfamiliar.

2. Student supervisors should know the location and use of safety equipment including fire extinguishers and first aid supplies. Student supervisors must be familiar with the appropriate procedures in case the building fire alarms sound.

3. Supervisors should remove from service any unsafe equipment and notify the faculty supervisor of the defect.

4. Smoking is not permitted in the theatres or in any lighting or sound area.

5. No beverage of any kind is permitted in the lighting and sound control areas at any time. All liquid substances are to be kept away from electronic equipment.